com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/api/ApiHelperImpl_Factory.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.api.ApiHelperImpl_Factory
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/data/DAO_Impl.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.data.DAO_Impl
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.data.DAO_Impl$1
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.data.DAO_Impl$2
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.data.DAO_Impl$3
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.data.DAO_Impl$4
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.data.DAO_Impl$5
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.data.DAO_Impl$6
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.data.DAO_Impl$7
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/App_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_GeneratedInjector
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/ui/home/HomeFragmentDirections.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections$1
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections$ActionFeedFragmentToDetailsFragment
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.BuildConfig
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/data/LocalDatabase_Impl.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.data.LocalDatabase_Impl
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.data.LocalDatabase_Impl$1
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/ui/main/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.main.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/utils/NetworkHelper_Factory.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.utils.NetworkHelper_Factory
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/App_HiltComponents.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_nisaefendioglu_newsapp_App_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_nisaefendioglu_newsapp_App_GeneratedInjector
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/databinding/SplashScreenBinding.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.databinding.SplashScreenBinding
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/network/repository/NewsRepository_Factory.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.network.repository.NewsRepository_Factory
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/Hilt_App.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.Hilt_App
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.Hilt_App$1
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/di/CoroutinesDispatcherProvider_Factory.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.di.CoroutinesDispatcherProvider_Factory
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.di.CoroutinesDispatcherProvider_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/ui/main/MainViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.DaggerApp_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_nisaefendioglu_newsapp_App.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_nisaefendioglu_newsapp_App
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideNewsApiFactory.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideNewsApiFactory
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/ui/main/MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.main.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/databinding/FragmentFeedBinding.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.databinding.FragmentFeedBinding
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_nisaefendioglu_newsapp_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_nisaefendioglu_newsapp_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/ui/main/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.main.MainViewModel_Factory
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideApiHelperFactory.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideApiHelperFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_nisaefendioglu_newsapp_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_nisaefendioglu_newsapp_ui_main_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/ui/details/DetailsFragmentArgs.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.details.DetailsFragmentArgs
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.details.DetailsFragmentArgs$1
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.details.DetailsFragmentArgs$Builder
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/databinding/FragmentFavoritesBinding.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.databinding.FragmentFavoritesBinding
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/ui/main/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.main.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.main.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/App_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.App_ComponentTreeDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_nisaefendioglu_newsapp_di_ApplicationModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_nisaefendioglu_newsapp_di_ApplicationModule
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/databinding/ItemNewsBinding.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.databinding.ItemNewsBinding
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory$InstanceHolder
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideNewsDaoFactory.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideNewsDaoFactory
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/di/ApplicationModule_ProvideRepositoryFactory.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.di.ApplicationModule_ProvideRepositoryFactory
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/ui/favorite/FavoriteFragmentDirections.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.favorite.FavoriteFragmentDirections
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.favorite.FavoriteFragmentDirections$1
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.ui.favorite.FavoriteFragmentDirections$ActionFavoriteFragmentToDetailsFragment
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/databinding/ItemErrorMessageBinding.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.databinding.ItemErrorMessageBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_nisaefendioglu_newsapp_ui_main_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_nisaefendioglu_newsapp_ui_main_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/nisaefendioglu/newsapp/databinding/FragmentDetailsBinding.java
 com.nisaefendioglu.newsapp.databinding.FragmentDetailsBinding
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_nisaefendioglu_newsapp_App.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_nisaefendioglu_newsapp_App
